Add Fiddler integration (#1383)
DataDog/integrations-extras: fiddler/README.md

# Agent Check: Fiddler

## Overview

> This check monitors AI model performance using [Fiddler][1] through the Datadog Agent. Fiddler monitors model drift and performance for AI models. The check pulls in metrics like accuracy, precision, recall etc. and also pulls in data drift metrics for the feature inputs and the prediction. These metrics are pushed to DataDog using this integration, so that you can visualize model performance on a DataDog dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fiddler AI monitors AI model performance by sending real-time alerts when model performance metrics drop and allowing customers to drill-down to understand where a model is failing. This integration includes metrics and an out-of-the-box dashboard that displays performance metrics such as accuracy, precision, recall and drift.
```

Author: Done.

# Agent Check: Fiddler

## Overview

This check monitors AI model performance using [Fiddler][1] through the Datadog Agent.

> Fiddler monitors model drift model performance for AI models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fiddler monitors model drift and performance for AI models.
```

Author: Done.

> Fiddler monitors model drift and model performance for AI models.

Author: @buraizu - thanks. Have made the change.

## Setup

The Fiddler check is not included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you need to install it.

### Installation

For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Fiddler check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.

> 1. Run the following command to install the Agent integration:

Reviewer 3: @rajeevthefiddler Please also add the instructions for installing the `fiddler-client`, which is a dependency for the check to run.

Author: @fanny-jiang - Can I get users to install the fiddler-client from pypi directly? Or do I have to get the users to run it from the pip that is within the DD agent itself?

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-fiddler==1.0.0
   ```

> 2. Configure your integration similar to core [integrations][4].

Author: @buraizu - thanks. Have made the change.

### Configuration

1. Edit the `fiddler.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Fiddler performance data. See the [sample `fiddler.d/conf.yaml`][5] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][6].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][7] and look for `fiddler` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][8] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

See [service_checks.json][9] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events

The Fiddler integration does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][10].

[1]: https://fiddler.ai
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/

> [5]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/cloudsmith/datadog_checks/cloudsmith/data/conf.yaml.example

Author: Done.

# Agent Check: Fiddler

## Overview

> This check monitors AI model performance using [Fiddler][1] through the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: Could you include more information on what this does and the value of the offering?

### Installation

For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Fiddler check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.

1. Run the following command to install the Agent integration:

   ```shell
   /opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install fiddler-client==1.4.4
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-fiddler==1.0.0
   ```

2. Configure your integration similar to Agent-based [integrations][4].

### Configuration

1. Edit the `fiddler.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Fiddler performance data. See the [sample `fiddler.d/conf.yaml`][5] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][6].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][7] and look for `fiddler` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][8] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

See [service_checks.json][9] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events

The Fiddler integration does not include any events.

> 

Author: Removed.
